-: Welcome back. In this lecture we are going to
review the deployment manifest
and also the English manifests required
for our application deployment.
So in step three we are going to review
the deployment manifest for V2 notification service.
So we are going to distribute 50% draft
to each of the V1 and V2 version of application.
So NSV1 replicas are two
and then NSV2 replicas are two.
We have put it there, even one one
if you put also it is going to be 50% traffic.
So if you see here this is the
notification microservice deployment zero four.
This is V1 notification and we have two replicas
and zero eight V2 notification.
We have two replicas.
Okay? And the next thing is verify means
like the change one is
in the zero eight V2 notification microservice
your image tag should be 4.0.0 a double s x-ray.
So verify the same thing.
It is the same.
And if you go for a V1
it should be 3.0.0 a double s x-ray.
So that looks good.
And next is change to new environmental variables
will be added here so these things are going to be same
which is XLA context missing and then X name and address.
But X-ray tracing name
we are going to give it as V2 notification microservice
so that you get the name here.
V2 notification microservice in
from x-ray picture visual service map view.
Okay, so that's about notification
microservice related review of that respect to manifest and
rest all manifests are same my ask user management
from previous sections.
It is coming as is so we really don't need to
worry about them.
So next we will move on to ingress manifest.
Okay, so let's go to ingress manifest.
And first thing is SSL certificate.
This is for you in the sense
like whenever you are using this manifest
please add your SSL certificate here and here.
And the second thing is external dns, right?
So for external dns, so you can use means
like I'm using Canary demo dot coupon cloud.com.
In your case, the coupon cloud.com might be something
of your domain.com.
So that's about the ingress manifest changes.
And if you want we can even change
E case micro services demo and the name of this is Canary.
If you want we can even add this way forever
ingress manifest name.
Okay, so that's about it.
So rest all looks good.
And then as is, so in our next lecture
we are going to deploy and then test the stuff.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.